# ShuMako Week 2019 - January 14 - 20

## Schedule & Rules


### What’s the schedule?

Jan 14 Day 1: First / Milestones

Jan 15 Day 2: Leaders / Power Couple

Jan 16 Day 3: Distance

Jan 17 Day 4: Protect / Heal

Jan 18 Day 5: Nerves / Jealousy

Jan 19 Day 6: Double Date / Date Night

Jan 20 Day 7: Future / Family / Children

You may do as many or as few prompts as you like. Late submissions happily
accepted!

We will also retweet/reblog **new** creations tagged #shumakoweek even if they
don’t fit our prompts, with a limit of one per account per day. We understand
some media are tougher to associate with a prompt than others. For example, we
don’t expect cosplayers to travel great distances for that new photo or create
a prompt-specific outfit, though we’ll happily add it to the appropriate
prompt Moment if they do!  

### What types of post are accepted?

Fanfiction, fanart, fanmixes, edits, headcanons, videos, and other content
mediums that do not violate the rules (see below) and are not reposts of
another person’s work will all be accepted. All submissions should free of
hate and original for the week (not new chapters of ongoing work or other
pre-existing work). We do accept NSFW material but **ONLY if the post linking to
it is safe for work.**

### How do you participate?

**On [Twitter](https://twitter.com/shumakoweek)**: Tweet with the hastag #shumakoweek. We will be following that.

On [Tumblr](https://shumakoweek.tumblr.com): You can either post the content
on your own blog and we will reblog it here, or you can submit it to us at
[/submit](https://shumakoweek.tumblr.com/submit). If you are posting on your
own blog, make sure to mention @shumakoweek in the caption and use #shumakoweek in the tags.

### What is the deadline?

There is NO DEADLINE to submit content. All late content will be accepted.

### I want to do something but I’m not a creator!

1. You can become one! Go for it!

2. You can also participate by supporting the creators! Have you ever left a comment? Maybe it’s time to give it a try! If you have before, maybe set a new goal for yourself: Comment once a day! Comment on every piece you consume! Challenge yourself!


### Note on posting times:

Our team spans many time zones but work and life still happens. Please bear
with us if we don’t retweet/reblog immediately. If your post doesn’t violate
any of the rules and still hasn’t been retweeted/reblogged, please send an ask
in! We may have missed it.

NSFW make take us longer to retweet/reblog because we have fewer people
reviewing them for rule compliance and of course they can’t review them from
work :) 

## RULES:

 1. NSFW (involving sex/porn) materials is accepted but ONLY if the post linking to it: (A) Is completely safe for work, no explicit previews even on hover and (B) the link is clearly marked as NSFW. Basically anyone should be able to read our blog safely at work.
    
 2. While we love a lot of ships over here at @shumakoweek, we want to keep this week focused on ShuMako only, so we won’t be reblogging OT3s and other poly pairings that include the characters.
    
 3. Any reposts we are mentioned or tagged in will not be reblogged here, and will be reported to the original creator or flagged.
    
 4. Minor/adult ships of any kind (between a character over 18 and a character under 18) are strictly forbidden from appearing or being implied in the work.
    
 5. Submissions should be new for the event. You can get started before the event begins, but their first posting should be for ShuMako Week, even if late.

 6. Please don’t make your work a continuation or new chapter of an ongoing story, or part of an ongoing comic. The work cannot be part of something that has been posted prior to the event.
    
 7. Make sure to use the appropriate tags for your content when you post it, including but not limited to death, injury, blood, etc.
    
 8. Please keep your content hate-free, this includes hate targeted at other characters or ships.

##### This content has been adapted from the original Makoto Week page:

Most of the content of this post has been adapted from the original [Makoto
Niijima Week](https://makotoniijimaweekarchive.tumblr.com) from 2017. Our
ongoing thanks to the creators and curators for organizing the original event!  
